well we're getting near the end of the
second day of group stage here in Busan
I'm joined right now by Jack troll to
talk a little bit about their match
against cloud nine with of course
coverage brought to you by u GG subject
roll that game at one point in time I
thought all right
na is gonna go two days without a single
win unfortunately quite bloody in for
you guys but what do you think happened
in that match like why did you guys end
up losing it
well daily Western random thoughts we
just threw too many times it's a quote
from emoticons tweet and I totally agree
with it we had a victory in our hands
but I just slipped through it which is
pretty sad because it complicates our
way to go out of the groups because I
was thinking alright so we all engage in
G so now we're gonna win two games
against Anna because of course okay and
then in the worst case we have the
tiebreaker I'm talking about this
because I think Angie's just on the
level we all know that the specif one so
we can surprise but it's gonna be a hard
task yeah
do you joke about na being better than
our sorry Europe being better than an A
but you beat Genji yesterday cloud9 beat
you today so that should mean that cloud
9 na at least it's better than a you and
Korea right that works yes I think that
works this way is logic that how many
people know about this and of course
it's the true okay I wanted to make sure
that no I mean you seem to be in ok
spirits despite the loss I'm sure
frustrating loss but I assume maybe
still feeling really good about the win
yesterday kind of carrying you through
today's loss unfortunately and no it's
not that case just for me personally I'm
the guy that was totally emotional about
the game itself I was focusing on next
task and the next task is energy so when
we go back to the
Hotel we just reviewed the game from
today I have to pare it for the next day
of course it's said and other staff that
goes through other players emotionally
but as I said before no wing can get or
knowing or lose can get our get to our
heads because it's not over it's really
far from over and we need to fight for
it well you got used you mention that
you think our energies on another level
unfortunately you do play them tomorrow
so do you I mean do you think there's a
chance you can win there or like what
what what odds would you give yourself
what are the wing conditions like how
you how could you come through and break
that I was good enough so I love to say
thoughts but for sure I think we can win
one way or another it's it was always a
dream for me to play against the best
players in the world because my ultimate
goal personally as a player is to become
the best support in the world I know
that I'm not there yet but I will not
stop until I reach that goal so tomorrow
I can prove myself or learn from the
from the game summary excited about the
game and I think we can surprise them
yeah do you are you at all intimidated
by Ozzy he's been I've said some other
interviews these kind of positions the
final boss you know you're gonna end up
in lane against him is just gonna like
machine-gun through you guys I mean what
were your thoughts on facing him
well he's challenging faker for a spot
for being a goat you know I think he's
completely insane safe forming and
energy energy stylist to play for both
sides so it's gonna be quite a challenge
but this life is about taking these
challenges and maybe overcoming them so
you know people were saying that we
don't have chance to go out of the
groups but suddenly after our victory
against Genji everyone changed their
perception so maybe we're gonna win
maybe not but one thing is certain that
will not let down ourselves even even
what whatever happens we just go through
it do you think because I'll be honest
with you I told capitalists yesterday
like I feel like no one was even talking
about you guys before groups happened
ever sorry before plans happened what do
you think that was an advantage for you
it's hard to say because I got used to
that to be honest because all my career
I was underappreciated and underrated
same for my teammates I think so we're
always starting from the position of
underdog and it's it's fair to say about
us that were underdogs in our group but
sorry I'm missing the question no no
it's fine I just think do you think it
was an advantage for you that nobody was
yeah I think a little bit because maybe
some team team like Jonesy maybe were
overconfident about themselves that was
also the case for Africa in g2 they said
they were just overconfident because due
to look three trash in planes so maybe
that was the case because no one
actually knew about us so they thought
okay the randoms just gonna stomp them
and go next I just got the signal which
I think means your shuttle is about to
leave so maybe you can say anything to
you the fans out there it's my pleasure
to be here at Travis go forth please
subscribe his channel I'm a big fan of
it thank you
and I also want to say a couple of words
to my polish fans decryption keys of
sparked a fortune my group with logic
Rabia
I completely agree that was beautiful
thank you so much for the interview for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel funny
story we are currently recording this
outro in like a little vending machine
booth thing there's like a roof over the
top of me anyway there's a spiderweb
hang out right in front of Brodin if he
moves just two seconds close there two
inches what I don't know centimeters I
don't know what they talked at there
he'll get caught by a spiderweb and it's
it's gonna be really complicated for him
and I'm a little worried but you know
what would help
Brodin deal with that spiderweb if we
went to you Gigi because you know
sometimes you got caught in a spider web
of emotions and I don't know what's
happening you just go to the description
you Gigi did you is that going through
the spider I don't understand you check
check them out they're in the
description that'll make sure you never
lose champion select again they're
probably gonna have mixed feelings about
this outro in particular so if you just
click through a lot on this one it might
actually help them because they're gonna
be like what what was that outro
but like it's late and I'm jet lagged
and that is a pretty big spider web
though Jesus